#2091: Create a documentation folder for Enceladus 3 (#2101)
AbsaOSS/enceladus: _docs/3.0.0/usage/data-quick-start.md

---
layout: docs
title: Usage - Data & Data Quality Quick Start
version: '3.0.0'
categories:
    - '3.0.0'
    - 'usage'
---
{% capture docs_path %}{{ site.baseurl }}/docs/{{ page.version }}{% endcapture %}

## Prerequisites

This quick start guide presumes that you have went through :

- [Menas Quick Start]({{ docs_path }}/usage/menas-quick-start) guide

## Data Quality

Data quality is all about 2 things:

- Spline
- _INFO files

## Spline

> but as Spline is under heavy development, we will postpone extensive documentation about it. Enceladus currently runs with version 0.3.X and it works fine out of the box. Spline 0.3.X just needs to be deployed next to Menas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Spline is under heavy development, we will postpone extensive documentation about it. Enceladus currently runs with version 0.6.X and it works fine out of the box. Spline 0.6.X just needs to be deployed next to Menas/REST API.
```
